feat: create helm chart (#1) (#2)
PayFit/cluster-overprovisioner: charts/cluster-overprovisioner/README.md

# cluster-overprovisioner

![Version: 0.6.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.6.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.16.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.16.0-informational?style=flat-square)

> Helm chart, that enables scheduled scaling of a target resource, intended to be add overprovisioning to an autoscaling k8s cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm chart that enables scheduled scaling of Kubernetes nodes.
Intended to add over-provisioning to an auto-scaled (via cluster-autoscaler) K8s cluster.
```
